Licq Console Plugin

This is a console ui plugin for the Licq ICQ client.  It is considered beta
at this point and does not have all the features that the qt-gui supports,
however does offer a number of really cool text-mode things.  Multiple windows,
contact list pane, log window...

Building is simply a matter of
./configure
make
make install

Running is simply a matter of running licq with the "-p console" switch.
Remember that Licq will save the plugin being run so after running
"licq -p console" once, it will always run with this plugin.  Hence when
you want to go back to the gui, use "licq -p qt-gui" the first time at least.

For help using the console, type "/help" once inside.  F1-F8 will toggle between
8 different virtual screens, PgUp/PgDown will scroll the screen, 
and F9 is the standard Licq log (network window). Press F10 to activate the
contact list. Up/down/right/left will scroll the list, pressing space when
a contact is selected will bring up another window with options to choose from.
Pressing Enter when a user is selected will message the user, or, if events
are pending (e.g. a message), will view the event.

Here is a list of key bindings when the userlist is activated:

          Key         Action
          Left Arrow  Shifts the whole list left one character.
          Right Arrow Shifts the whole list right one character.
          Up Arrow    Selects the next item up in the list.
          Down Arrow  Selects the next item down in the list.
          Prev Page   Moves one page backwards.
          Ctrl-B      Moves one page backwards.
          Next Page   Moves one page forwards.
          Ctrl-F      Moves one page forwards.
          g           Moves to the first element in the list.
          1           Moves to the first element in the list.
          G           Moves to the last element in the list.
          $           Shifts the whole list to the far right.
          |           Shifts the whole list to the far left.
          Return      Sends a message to the user, or, if events
                      are pending (e.g. a message), will view
                      the event. 
          Tab         Same as Return.
          Space       Brings up a popup window with extra options
                      to choose from.
          Escape      Exits the widget.



Address any questions to Philip Nelson <phatfil@optusnet.com.au>, uin 16385042, msn
phatagrajag@hotmail.com or Jon Keating <jon@licq.org>, uin 16325723 or on irc in #licq
on irc.freenode.net.


